SignalR Java Client Access token provider section (#9454)
aspnet/Docs: aspnetcore/signalr/java-client.md

This can safely be ignored.

## Configure bearer token authentication

> In the SignalR Java client, you can configure a bearer token to use for authentication by providing an "access token factory" to the [HttpHubConnectionBuilder](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/java/api/com.microsoft.signalr._http_hub_connection_builder?view=aspnet-signalr-java). Use `withAccessTokenFactory` to provide an [RxJava](https://github.com/ReactiveX/RxJava) [Single<String>](http://reactivex.io/documentation/single.html). With a call to [Single.defer](http://reactivex.io/RxJava/javadoc/io/reactivex/Single.html#defer-java.util.concurrent.Callable-), you can write logic to produce access tokens for your client.

Reviewer: Use the following for the HttpHubConnectionBuilder link:

```
[HttpHubConnectionBuilder](/java/api/com.microsoft.signalr._http_hub_connection_builder?view=aspnet-signalr-java)
```

```java

> HubConnection hubConnection = HubConnectionBuilder.create("YOUR HUB URL HERE").withAccessTokenProvider(Single.defer(() -> {

Reviewer: This first line exceeds 85 characters, which will cause a horizontal scrollbar to appear. I suggest wrapping this statement onto the next line to solve the problem.

This can safely be ignored.

> ##Configuring Access Token Provider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure access token provider
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Configure bearer token authentication
```

"Access Token Provider" is more of a means-to-an-end, so we should describe the thing the user wants to do.

> In the SignalR Java client you can configure an access token provider in in the HttpHubConnectionBuilder. The method `.setAccessTokenFactory` takes an RX type if Single<String>. With a call to Single.Defer, you can write your logic to provision access tokens for your client. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the SignalR Java client, you can configure an access token provider in the `HttpHubConnectionBuilder`. The method `setAccessTokenFactory` accepts an RX type of `Single<String>`. With a call to `Single.Defer`, you can write your logic to provision access tokens for your client. 
```

Reviewer 2: A couple more adjustments (I've included @scottaddie 's suggestions as well):

```suggestion
In the SignalR Java client, you can configure a bearer token to use for authentication by providing an "access token factory" to the HttpHubConnectionBuilder. Use `withAccessTokenFactory` to provide an RxJava [Single<String>](http://reactivex.io/documentation/single.html). With a call to [Single.defer](http://reactivex.io/RxJava/javadoc/io/reactivex/Single.html#defer-java.util.concurrent.Callable-), you can write logic to produce access tokens for your client.
```

> In the SignalR Java client you can configure an access token provider in in the HttpHubConnectionBuilder. The method `.setAccessTokenFactory` takes an RX type if Single<String>. With a call to Single.Defer, you can write your logic to provision access tokens for your client. 

Reviewer 3: Should RXJava be linked

> In the SignalR Java client, you can configure a bearer token to use for authentication by providing an "access token factory" to the HttpHubConnectionBuilder. Use `withAccessTokenFactory` to provide an RxJava [Single<String>](http://reactivex.io/documentation/single.html). With a call to [Single.defer](http://reactivex.io/RxJava/javadoc/io/reactivex/Single.html#defer-java.util.concurrent.Callable-), you can write logic to produce access tokens for your client.

Reviewer: Code-fence HttpHubConnectionBuilder.

Reviewer 2: Actually, we should link to the API doc here if possible. Do we code-fence links to API docs? I've normally see that we don't.

```java
        HubConnection hubConnection = HubConnectionBuilder.create("YOUR HUB URL HERE").withAccessTokenProvider(Single.defer(() ->{
            // Your logic here.
            return Single.just("An Access Token");
        })).build();

> 

Reviewer: - Remove the empty line.
- Dedent this code snippet and make sure that first line doesn't exceed 85 characters (to prevent the horizontal scrollbar from appearing).

> In the SignalR Java client, you can configure a bearer token to use for authentication by providing an "access token factory" to the [HttpHubConnectionBuilder](/java/api/com.microsoft.signalr._http_hub_connection_builder?view=aspnet-signalr-java). Use [withAccessTokenFactory](ava/api/com.microsoft.signalr._http_hub_connection_builder.withaccesstokenprovider?view=aspnet-signalr-java#com_microsoft_signalr__http_hub_connection_builder_withAccessTokenProvider_Single_String__) to provide an [RxJava](https://github.com/ReactiveX/RxJava) [Single<String>](http://reactivex.io/documentation/single.html). With a call to [Single.defer](http://reactivex.io/RxJava/javadoc/io/reactivex/Single.html#defer-java.util.concurrent.Callable-), you can write logic to produce access tokens for your client.

Reviewer: Missing the "/j" prefix in that withAccessTokenFactory URL.

Author: Good eye!

> })).build();

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    })).build();
```

super nit pick: I generally prefer to align the closing `)`/`}` on the same level as the opening `(`/`{`. Since all these closing symbols are from the `withAccessTokenProvider`, I think it should be another four spaces in.
